---
layout: flyleaf
title: Flyleaf for iPhone, iPad and Mac
description: Read later app with modern design, iCloud sync and book-style pagination. 
excerpt: Read later app with modern design, iCloud sync and book-style pagination.
link: /project/flyleaf
image: /images/projects/flyleaf-mac-icon.png
categories: [SwiftUI, App]
featured: true
redirect_from:
- /flyleaf/
- /flyleaf/privacy
---


# Flyleaf
## Read articles and web pages like a book.

{% include flyleaf-download.html %}

{% include flyleaf-screenshots.html %}

Flyleaf is a "read-later" app that displays saved articles from the web in a meticulously designed reading view, without popups, ads or other distractions.

The distinguishing feature of Flyleaf is its unparalleled book-style pagination. You can read articles page by page instead of scrolling vertically.

Flyleaf is a fully native app for iPhone, iPad, and macOS.

## Other features

- Sync across all your devices through iCloud.
- No accounts, ads or tracking. Our [privacy policy](#privacy-policy) is very short.
- Great typography with lots of customization options.
- Easily find RSS feeds of blogs and sites you like.

{% include flyleaf-download.html %}

## Stay up to date

Flyleaf is made by independent developer Max Melzer. You can follow him on his [personal website](/en) or on [Mastodon](https://mastodon.social/@maxmelzer). You can also [contact Max via email](mailto:flyleaf@moehrenzahn.de).

## Privacy policy

*Flyleaf is created and maintained by [Max Melzer](/impressum).*

*Flyleaf does not collect any data. Syncing is handled securely through your iCloud account. Downloads and payments are handled by Apple through the App Store.*

*When you add a URL to Flyleaf, the web page behind that URL is contacted directly by the app to download its contents. This will share your IP and possibly other meta data with third parties, just as if you had visited the URL via a web browser.*

*Flyleaf is not responsible for the contents of third-party web pages.*

{% include flyleaf-download.html %}